Growing up, I tried to care
about father's day.
Happy father's day!
Boy, you know
your daddy ain't here.
And you better eat
every bite of that damn food!
Wasting that cream of wheat.
But with a dad who was
a bit of a rolling stone,
it wasn't always so easy.
So, when I got
a family of my own,
I made a point to be a father
my kids could celebrate.
Unfortunately,
that didn't matter much,
because father's day
is a damn joke.
No love, crappy gifts,
lonely hobo breakfast.
It pales in comparison to...
All: Happy mother's day! Oh!
We made you a trio of omelets.
Guess which one has caviar!
Which one?
Hint... it's all three!
[ Squeals ]
Junior:
Sorry it's so small.
The florist only had 60
perfect roses left. Aww.
Which is why we had to call
another florist!
Aw, my babies!
Come get in bed!
Snuggle, snuggle up with mama!
Aww, get in here.
Zoey: Oh, my god.
Nice.
All righty.
But in truth, father's day
never even had a chance,
coming just weeks after
mother's day,
cowering in its shadow.
Poor thing was doomed to fail.
Basically, it's the Hanukkah
of mother's day.
Which is why my colleagues and
I came up with a new holiday.
Time for the world
to say hello to...
Rainbow: What the hell
is daddy's day?
[ Sighs ]
[ Air horn blows ]
Hurry your asses up!
All right!
The daddy day rundown
is about to begin!
Come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on!
Okay, hold... hold... hold...
Hold on, sucka.
That seat is reserved for Zoey.
She's the oldest,
and I'm gonna need her
to run point on this.
You can cop
a squat on the floor.
Rainbow: Dre, Dre...
He's not a dog.
Sweetie, come here.
Come sit here.
[ Smooches ]
Thanks, mom.
All right, fine.
Now, look.
We're starting this new
holiday initiative at work
called daddy's day.
And it's everything
that father's day is not.
That's why we're having it
in the fall...
Far from the tyranny
of mother's day.
I love mother's day.
It should get a whole month.
I love mom.
Love you, mom.
Aww, ditto, kiddo!
Who wants ice cream?!
[ All cheering ]
[ Air horn blows ]
Oh, my goodness.
Focus!
I expect
professional-quality cards,
each with
a heartfelt message, okay?
Top-shelf gifts...
No mugs.
Or ties from my closet
that I already own.
All right.
Now, regarding your soundtrack
of love for me.
You know,
just incorporate my name
into some of
the classics, like...
♪ Cele-Dre good times,
come on! ♪
♪ Boom, boom, boom,
let's cele-Dre ♪
Rainbow: I'm sorry...
Whoo!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Huh? What?
Sweetheart, did you
actually spend time at work
coming up with
this ridiculous idea?
Ridiculous?
Yeah.
This is going to be huge!
We already have
a list of potential sponsors
that we're gonna pitch.
Coke owns Christmas.
Hallmark owns "valentime's."
Picture this...
Bud light presents daddy's day!
Whoo!
We winning! We winning!
Dre, Dre.
Hmm?
There is nothing wrong
with old-school father's day.
Yeah, maybe if you're
an old-school father
who just came home,
downed his scotch,
beat his kids,
and went to sleep.
I am so tired of hearing you
whine about that.
Oh, and by the way, dummy,
this is the dumbest idea
of all the dumb ideas
you ever had.
See?
This sweet kiss of sunshine
is the dude
that father's day was built for.
Me, I'm different.
I take my kids
to soccer practice.
I help my children
with they homework.
I wore a bjorn, damn it!
Is that
that little half-bra
with the baby
hanging out the front?
You know, you really ought to
stop mentioning that, son.
Ooh, a family meeting.
I'll be in my room.
Come on, resheida.
Hey, hey, hey,
hold... hold... hold...
Where are you going?
To my room. I... I just said that.
Perfect example.
Had you spoken to
an old-school father that way,
he would have knocked
all your teeth out.
Wisdom teeth included.
See?
You know what?
I'm gonna call myself an uber,
'cause it looks like
you about to get a whoopin'.
Okay, look.
I'll make it quick, all right?
There's a new holiday...
Daddy's day...
Sweeping the nation,
spearheaded by your main man,
driggity.
Okay, you girls should go. Yeah.
All right, you have till Sunday!
No.
[ Air horn blows ]
[ All shouting ]
Come on!
Dismissed!
Hey, thanks for sticking up
for me earlier, mom.
You know, letting me sit on
the couch like a human and all.
Aww, yeah,
your dad is hard on you.
He is, right?!
Yeah.
Me and my blog aren't
the only ones who see it.
Mnh-mnh.
Look, take the night off.
Kick your feet up.
I got the laundry.
Really?
You're just buttering me up
'cause you want, like,
a new wizard hat or something.
No, I'm just giving back
to someone who gives me
endless love.
Shut it!
Aw, my sweet baby boy.
[ Laughs ]
You got a good kid there.
I know.
I mean, he's like...
He's like a peach.
Look at him.
It just shows he loves you.
Yeah.
No matter how disappointing
you are as a mother.
Recycle that.
Aw, man.
This makes me want to be
a daddy so baddy. Ugh.
Hey, is it true
that babies have to love you,
no matter what?
Depends... can you fill
your breasts with milk?
Bruh, just carry a pocket
full of sugar with you.
That's why babies call me
the snowman.
Stevens: Guys,
this is a great idea,
but where is
the global reach, huh?
We have got to cram this idea
down the world's throat.
Dre: What if
we custom-branded the day
for each international market?
Like, St. dad-Rick's day
in Ireland.
Outstanding.
[ German accent ] Get ready
for pop-toberfest, Germany!
[ Laughter ]
What about our low-riding
hombres south of the border?
Cinco de daddio.
Olé!
Bonjour,
dads-tille day!
[ Chuckles ]
What? I'm sorry.
I thought we were just
vomiting out bad ideas.
Is that not... Well, of course
you don't understand, Lucy,
because you're not a father.
So until you have sired
two beautiful baby boys,
shipped them away at the age
of 3 to a Swiss boarding school,
and then bribed
a U.S. senator to get them off
separate but equally gruesome
murder charges,
you stand down there, sweet pea.
Dre, how's the casting going
for the daddy's day commercial?
I haven't found
the perfect kid yet.
Dre, we have got to
get this right.
Now, if we cannot sell
this idea stateside,
how on earth
are we gonna sell rama-dad?
Charlie: Yeah, Dre,
this is important.
Me helping craft out
a strong view on fatherhood
would look really good
in front of a judge
at my son's custody hearing.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, crap.
It was yesterday.
Well, let me go call eustace
and tell him goodbye.
Look, what we need is a real kid
with real energy, right?
But not fat. People hate fat.
Ugh.
Dre.
Hmm?
What about casting
your daughter, Scott?
Zoey? Whatever. Would she do it?
I mean, she is beautiful
and racially ambiguous.
No one can be mad.
Great idea.
Offensively put, but I think
I can make that happen.
Boom.
Shackalacka.
Zoey's face was right,
but her attitude was wrong.
If I was going to get her
psyched about daddy's day,
I need to get her psyched
about daddy.
[ Knock on door ]
Knock, knock!
Who wants a driving lesson
in daddy's Benz?
Hey, Zoey, will you stop texting
and answer me?
Oh, I just texted you no.
What are you talking about?
You've been begging
for more lessons for months.
Yeah, but you're not exactly
the best teacher.
You get a little yelly.
Yelling is caring.
Resheida:
Oh, yo, Mr. j.,
did Zoey tell you
I've been thinking about
that daddy's day thing?
No, I did not.
Real talk, you need to change it
from Sunday to Monday.
But that's Columbus day.
Pfft, and?
Everybody knows Columbus day
is, like, crazy racist.
So, you just put daddy's day
in there
and make it
a three-day weekend.
Okay.
I'm intrigued.
You've got your barbecue
on Saturday,
white linen party on Sunday,
and then Monday,
you get to kick back
and get your daddy on.
Wow.
I'm not gonna lie, Resheida.
You've cracked this wide open.
Well, I don't really
get to see my dad,
so I think the ones that stick
around should be celebrated.
See that, Zoey?
Your sad friend gets it.
Before I got my scholarship
to valley prep,
seeing a daddy
was like seeing a unicorn.
You know, in my neighborhood,
when there's a man
in someone's house,
we usually just call the cops.
Oh, my god.
They still do that?
Zoey: Dad.
Can you please go?
And next time you have
what looks to be a Kale salad,
you may want to floss
before you start a conversation.
Resheida,
how would you like to be
the official face
of daddy's day?
Really?
Yes.
I can't think
of anyone more deserving.
Now, let me go get some floss.
Then we can go over
the storyboards
about the commercial.
Okay.
Harsh lesson for Zoey to learn,
but maybe this would teach her
to respect her cool,
involved dad.
Damn.
Did I swallow anything?
A little help, please!
Bags ripping!
All eggs and bottles!
What are you doing, mom?
You don't need to be
coming home from work
and starting a whole other job.
Here.
I made you chamomile.
What?
Aww.
My sweet, little, thoughtful
love bug.
Diane: Mom!
Starving!
[ Groans ]
I can't even deal.
Understood.
Hey, guys,
your mom's had a long day.
But...
And no backtalk!
If you only knew
how much she does for you!
Now go clean your room!
But we...
Quietly.
Nicely done.
I learned from the best.
Aw, sheesh.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, I had a day from hell.
Well, you're standing
in a field of corn,
'cause I'm all ears.
Oh, shush.
That is how the world
will meet daddy's day.
This is...
This is dope, Mr. j.
I mean, like,
you're a genius or something.
Oh, please.
I don't need to hear that crap.
But, you know,
you can go ahead
and tell other people.
All right.
Dre, I got to say,
it's kind of screwed up
that you cast Zoey's friend
as the face of daddy's day
instead of your own daughter.
No, you know what's screwed up?
Hmm?
The fact
that Zoey doesn't appreciate
that she has a father.
All right,
when I was growing up, hell,
hardly anybody had a daddy.
What are you talking about?
Your dad was around.
Ehh...
But that's what a dad did.
I mean, I claimed you,
provided you with food,
shelter, clothing,
whooped your ass,
and went to the track.
Of course.
I did a year's worth
of parenting
in a fraction of the time.
It was surgical daddy.
It was deadbeat daddy.
Mm-hmm.
Call it what you want.
I got in and I got out
and saved the mess
that you made.
I was the Mariano Rivera
of fatherhood...
Hall of fame bound.
Ruby:
Oh, you were the worst.
But Dre's one hell of a father.
He even wore that bra thing.
Sure did.
Wore it once.
Used it wrong.
May have cut off Jack's oxygen.
We don't know.
We know.
Yeah. We know. Well, we know.
Look, look, look, look...
The point is,
you want your kids
to acknowledge all you do.
Especially
your firstborn baby girl.
Hell, all a dad ever wants
is the love of his daughter.
Frankly speaking,
a son is just a disappointing
photocopy of yourself.
He wrote that
in my 10th birthday card.
[ Piano music plays ]
Announcer:
There are many ways to say it,
but only one man
who deserves to hear it.
Who's your daddy?
Daddy's day.
Ooh, black man.
All right?
[ Applause ]
God is on his side.
Outstanding, Dre.
We are gonna make a fortune.
This must be how Jesus felt
when he invented Christmas.
Dre: Okay, hey, guys, so,
without further ado,
I'd like to introduce you...
To the face of daddy's day.
[ Gasps ] She exists.
I thought she was C.G.!
And to think,
this lovely little angel
doesn't even have a daddy
to soak in all that love.
She's a bastard.
She seems so normal and clean,
like a loved girl
who will turn out okay,
instead of what's really
gonna happen to her.
Okay, now I'm getting sad.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Zoey: Mom,
Resheida just texted me
and said dad's giving her
a driving lesson.
Yeah, I know.
But don't let it bother you,
sweetie.
I mean, she doesn't have anyone
to teach her how to drive,
and you guys both
have that test.
Okay.
If that's how
you want to play it,
game on, square man.
How's the pressure?
Don't hold back, sweetie.
Mama's not made of glass.
All right.
Parallel parking...
It's the hardest part.
It's so hard,
they didn't even try it
in any of
the "fast and furiouseseses."
Cool. Okay, I'm just gonna
need you to relax, okay?
Okay. All right.
All right, go.
All right. Back it up. Cut
the wheel to the right.
Cut the wheel down hard!
Stop, stop!
It's a high curb, low door.
Oh, lord.
Okay.
Back it up?
Back it on up.
Too fast!
Cut it!
Ain't nothing parallel
about this.
Ain't nothing parallel!
Did you just get up on the curb?
Aw, baby, that's my rim!
That's my rim!
Not bad.
Hey, I'm sorry I was
a little tough on you.
I've been told that,
you know, I'm a yeller.
[ Laughs ]
Well, yelling is caring.
[ Gasps ]
Uh, Mr. j., you good?
I'm good.
It's... it's...
It's just
that someone finally gets me.
Charlie: Watch out.
Baby driver coming through.
What up, big d.?
♪ Drive slow, homie ♪
Now, when you see the police,
keep going, all right?
Onward to the liquor store!
♪ Drive slow, homie ♪
Zoey had fired her first shot,
and it was a good one.
♪ You never know, homie ♪
rainbow: Oh, shoot.
I left all the hamburger
in the car?
[ Groans ]
That meat
has just been festering
in that hot trunk
for, like, two days.
Don't worry, mom.
Juju's got this.
I'm s... I'm sorry,
who's... who's... who's juju?
See?
Throw him a little love,
he'll do anything for you.
I know.
It's like he'd die for me.
Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
But the real question is...
Is will he kill for you?
Why would that be the question?
There will be a day.
There always is.
A day...
What?
I don't...
Um, okay.
So Zoey and I were locked in a
major daddy-daughter standoff.
Hello, Zoey.
Hello, "daddy."
Hope you're happy.
I failed
my driver's ed test so bad
I'm not allowed to take
the real one for three months.
And this is on me how?
Your boy Charlie
is a horrible teacher.
The instructor said
I drove like a drunk person.
She actually
gave me a breathalyzer.
Again, I don't see
how this is my fault.
You turned down my lessons.
I'm a teenager.
That's my job.
You're supposed to rise above it
and force me to take
your lessons like a good dad.
But, no, instead,
you taught Resheida how to drive
and put her
in your stupid commercial.
Zoey...
♪ Cele-Dre good times,
come on! ♪
♪ It's a cele-dretion ♪
So I was not really feeling like
the number-one dad in the world,
which is not what you want
when you're about to pitch
a bunch of sponsors
on the concept of daddy's day.
Stevens:
Take it away, Dre.
Dre.
Hmm?
Here we go.
Oh. Oh, my bad.
Uh, sorry. Okay.
All right.
Uh, so, uh...
Here we go.
Uh, we've prepared a pitch...
Uh, very big.
Very big.
It appeals to people...
Um...
Mostly men.
Yeah, just...
And the people that they make.
So I guess
we can call them kids.
All right?
All right, let's just...
Yeah.
Uh...
[ Clears throat ]
I got some, um... Focus powder
in my office.
Just say the word.
Uh, look...
Guys, I'm sorry.
Uh, I'm... I'm just
a little distracted.
Uh, you see...
[ Sighs ]
I've been using
my daughter's friend.
[ Groaning ]
No, no, no, no...
Not that way.
She's very young.
No. Dre. No.
Very young.
But she reminds me
of my daughter, okay?
And...
She gives me things
that my daughter won't.
Sponsor executive: Okay.
I think we've heard enough.
We'd rather not be implicated
in this.
I just...
Daddy's day.
Well, I'm-a go get focused.
Zoey: I can't believe
you passed.
You're gonna have
a driver's license and no dad...
Living the dream.
Look, anybody is better
than my dad.
Okay, I think
he follows me on instagram,
but he hasn't liked
any of my pics yet.
Worthless punk.
Pop:
Listen, Zo-Zo...
Uh, as a son,
he's a complete disappointment,
but as a father, you have
nothing to complain about.
I mean, if he did the things
that he does for you
back in my day,
he'd be considered a woman,
so, you know, give him a break.
You fed my babies car meat?!
[ Retching ] Well, you
were so mad at yourself
for leaving it out there,
I tried to save it
so you wouldn't feel bad.
[ Retching ]
Junior...
I'm sorry.
I was just trying to help.
Why?!
You always look so,
so, so, so very tired.
Oh, well...
Th-that's very sweet.
Look, junior,
why don't you go upstairs?
Maybe later we can watch
a movie together.
Sweet.
I love you.
Oh, I love you, too, sweetheart.
Now, that's how you raise a man.
[ Chuckles ]
Trust me,
it's the best relationship
either of you will ever have.
Like me and my Dre.
I remember the first time
Dre cooked car meat.
He got so upset,
I let him stay in the bath
with me an extra two hours.
No.
No. Okay, no.
The whole Dre-and-Ruby
freak show
is not what's happening
between me and my boy, okay?
Okay.
Junior: Mom?
I cued up "before sunrise."
We're snuggling
in your bed, right?
[ Cackles ]
Oh, god.
Oh, god, I've shown
that boy too much love.
Mm-hmm.
Ugh.
I had dropped the ball at work,
but I wasn't going to
keep dropping it at home.
I needed to talk to Zoey,
but before I could,
she made her move.
All: Happy daddy's day!
Zoey: Release
daddy's pearls of wisdom.
Oh!
Present
daddy's feast of strength.
Wow.
The first two stations
of the daddy.
Zo-Zo, you pulled all this
together for me?
Well, I mean,
you're still really embarrassing
and annoying, but...
At least you're here.
Our dad.
Daddy.
Nope, not happening.
Fair enough.
So, did you find a sponsor
for your brilliant little idea?
Long story,
but maybe Megan's law.
[ Clattering ]
Damn it, boy!
You dropped the ribs?!
Go outside and think about
what you just did.
Mom, I...
Listen to your father.
And, uh, listen here.
Nothing personal,
but from now on,
we're gonna be
just a normal mother and son.
Okay?
Now he'll never kill anyone
for you.
That's why I didn't...
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Knock on door ]
Left alone all day,
11:59,
here you come
with a bottle of scotch.
Damn, I love daddy's day.
[ Chuckles ]
Do you want to have a drink?
Oh, yes, sir.
Ahh.